Add URL to mooRainbow (#864)
contao/docs: docs/dev/reference/dca/fields.md

| alwaysSave         | true/false (`bool`)           | If true the field will always be saved, even if its value has not changed. This can be useful in conjunction with a load_callback.                                       |
| blankOptionLabel   | Label (`string`)                 | Label for the blank option (defaults to `-`).                                                                                                                         |
| chosen             | true/false (`bool`)           | Native selects enhanced with [Chosen](http://harvesthq.github.io/chosen/).                                                                                               |

> | colorpicker        | true/false (`bool`)           | If true the current field has a color picker [mooRainbow](https://mootools.net/forge/p/moorainbow).                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| colorpicker        | true/false (`bool`)           | If true the current field will have a [mooRainbow](https://mootools.net/forge/p/moorainbow) color picker.                                                                                                                            |
```
